c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.UnitTests.dll
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.UnitTests.pdb
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.dll
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.WebUI.dll
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.pdb
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\obj\Debug\SportsStore.UnitTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\obj\Debug\SportsStore.UnitTests.dll
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\obj\Debug\SportsStore.UnitTests.pdb
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\william\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.UnitTests.dll.config
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\William\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
